README.md, before:

![CuoreUI](https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI/assets/115172127/2118fd57-da6c-42a0-998a-b92f92774646)
NOT READY FOR PRODUCTION YET

Licensed under the [Unlicense](https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI?tab=Unlicense-1-ov-file#)

# What is CuoreUI?
A C# .NET Winforms UI Library with modern-looking controls, components and forms.

# Why should you use CuoreUI?
Have you ever used an UI Library only to find out you need a license, it is unpolished, or it was abandoned?

**CuoreUI might be the solution.**

I plan to update this Library as long as I can.

The library features many controls with a sleek, xiaomi-like design, some even animated. Check out the cuiFormRounder component, you won't be disappointed! 

# How to download and use CuoreUI?
Latest Releases: [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CuoreUI.Winforms/).

Older Releases (+ DLL): [GitHub](https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI/releases).

# Want to leave feedback / Something's wrong?
a) Text me on discord (name: itzkxhu, id: 1312125815345119427)

b) Open a new discussion (https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI/discussions)
I am LESS LIKELY to respond on weekends!

--

### Have you been affected by a change in cuiSlider?
Here's a guide:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/352dc6ea-8176-4ba7-bba1-dbf411f7089b)

Commit message:

Drastically improve readme
Cut off unnecessary words
Make it more eye catching
Edit text for readibility
Rephrase some sentences for clarity

README.md, after:

![CuoreUI](https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI/assets/115172127/2118fd57-da6c-42a0-998a-b92f92774646)
Usable in production, but CuoreUI is still in development. 

Licensed under the [Unlicense](https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI?tab=Unlicense-1-ov-file#)

# 🤷 What is CuoreUI?
A C# .NET Winforms UI Library with modern-looking controls, components and forms.

The library features many controls with a sleek design inspired by Xiaomi and modern Web UI design.

## 🗿 Why use CuoreUI?
Have you ever used a UI Library only to find out you need a license, it is unpolished, or it was abandoned?

**CuoreUI might be the solution.**

I will update CuoreUI for as long as I can!

## 💾 Where to install? 
Latest Releases: [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CuoreUI.Winforms/).

Older Releases (+ DLL): [GitHub](https://github.com/1Kxhu/CuoreUI/releases).

## 📫 Contact?

Don't hesitate to reach out, I respect everyone!

![Discord logo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1eb8e84b-de53-406a-94fa-37f94dc82847) Let's talk on Discord: [@itzkxhu](https://discord.com/)

![YouTube logo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dc8bc4f8-e613-4d04-922d-dce2def52e02) I have a YouTube channel: [@itzkxhu](https://www.youtube.com/@itzkxhu)
